Good and bad
The people of the world will know
Why do you
Don't let people go to the people to investigate you
Emperor
What Wang Xun said
It is what the old ministers want to say but dare not say
you
message
The Dong family captured King Liang
make trouble
The Dong family is full of slaughter
Liang Wang
Demoted to the common people
Emperor forgive me
Your Majesty, please forgive me.
You have nothing to do with me
Mighty King
The emperor has nothing to do with me
It's all my dad's doing
It has nothing to do with me, Your Majesty
slaughter
kill
Husband and wife, what should I do if you die?
I don't want to die.
Dad, I don't want to die!
Thank you Emperor Ron
The king did not see you wrong
But the king did not believe it
Hahahahahaha
Hahahaha
In the message
Prince Mingwu will study at the Duke's Mansion tomorrow
Wang Xun was personally taught
No delay
Huang Xuan
I just want to fish for me
Cultivate a true Ming army
You won't let me down, will you?
Is the emperor
OK
The emperor asked you to teach the fifth prince
The future is too rich
How are you happy?
Happy of course happy
I'm just not interested.
You're interested in drugging me, aren't you?
Princess, what do you mean?
Don't think I don't know
Did you put an acacia umbrella in my bowl that day?